
Lucius Chee Zihan built the Dice Roller app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Lucius Chee Zihan at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.



Information Collection and Use

No personally identifiable information is collected within this app. If you wish to verify this, you may check the source code at https://gitlab.com/czlucius/dice-roller-android.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

    To facilitate our Service;
    To provide the Service on our behalf;
    To perform Service-related services; or
    To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
An example of such a service is the app store that you have downloaded this app from.


Security

Please note that no personally identifiable data is collected within this app. If you wish to verify this, you may check the source code at https://gitlab.com/czlucius/dice-roller-android. 

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.


Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-04-24

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at czlucius.dev@protonmail.com.